- [Instructor] Now let's create two new APIs.
One to look up all the ratings for a tour
and the other to calculate the average score
for all the ratings.
I think it's best to hide the implementation
of tourRating's entity from the API
so we will return a list of tourDto objects.
And we will calculate the average
by setting the URL with a /average at the end.
And then we will return adjacent packet
with a key-value pair of the word average
and then the actual average score.
So we're back in our TourRatingController
and I'm just going to paste in the body of these two methods.
Because I know it's really thrilling
for you guys to watch me type.
I'm just going to do my imports.
So this first method, getAllRatingsForTour
you take the tourId in, verify that it's a tour ID.
We're not going to use the return tourValue of verifyTour
it's just going to do the lookup
and if it's found it's fine
if it's not found it'll throw an exception
and not go with the next line.
So this method here
we're taking the tourRatingRepository method
on line 57 and calling findByPkTourId
passing in the tourId
stream the results of that
and then map them into a RadtingDto.
RatingDto has a constructor which takes a tourRating entity
and then collects them into a list.
So next we need to add the annotations for that to work.
So it's GetMapping is the name of the annotation.
It takes parameters, but we don't need to add any
because we're going to call get on the default path
for the entire RestController
which is tours/ID/ratings on line 24.
And the other thing we need to do
is just like on creating
we need to get the PathVariable on tourId.
The next method is to get the average.
So we're going to return a map of one string
which is the word average to one double
passing in the tourId on line 62.
And then on line 63, we verify the tour.
And now we're going to look up on line 64
the tourRatingRepository.findByPkTourId
and then stream those results
and then map the scores to an integer value.
Take the average of that
and that average returns an optional double.
And if there is actual TourRatings for this tour
then it will return the average value
which is a double.
If there are no TourRatings for this tour
it will through a NoSuchElementException.
So we're going to actually reuse the tourId PathVariable.
And here our GetMapping
we're actually going to use a parameter here
for the path, path="/average".
So the path is going to be /tours/tourId/ratings/average.
Okay, so let's run this.
And start it, now let's go to Postman.
So in Postman, let's create some tour ratings for tour 1.
So we created a score of 1 for tour ratings
this person didn't like it, "It was bad!"
We're going to create another one for customer number 2
and their score was 5.
Apparently there's a difference of opinion.
And they thought "It was great!"
Send that.
It's created.
So now let's call our getter methods.
This method will call get on tours/1/ratings
and there's all of our ratings we got for that tour.
And now we're going to add /average
on the end of that.
And so the average between 1 and 5 was 3.